Add documentation (#141)
ISSResearch/Data-Collection-Tool: docs/labels.md

# 🧩 Labels

> Each project uses a label schema to annotate the data being collected These can be:

Author: ```suggestion
Each project uses a label schema to annotate collected data. Labels help ensure even data collection and reduce future class imbalance. These can include:
```
